[Music]
Lizzy hey mom do you guys remember when
you told me if I got perfect grades all
the way through middle school I could
have anything I wanted I figure it was
to ward off any further talk of a pony
well I know what it is I don't know do
we family ponies are cute and maybe not
as much trouble as we thought
[Music]
I was taken by her beauty and talent I'm
accompanying the first graders that's a
big deal baby
can I come no you wouldn't like it the
words are great too cute you might die
of cuteness yeah well I wanna die of
cuteness it's my favorite thing to die
acuteness something unexpected has come
up there's much more explanation coming
but I have this one shot just thinking
about it's got my heart racing
Bernadette
[Music]
you'll never guess what happened she
disappeared Bernadette what she didn't
just vanish
I'm gonna get my gear
right that burn it up Bernadette
you
[Music]